---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sitecoreauthoring_sites Data Source - sitecoreauthoring"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about Sitecore sites from the Authoring API.
---

# sitecoreauthoring_sites (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information about Sitecore sites from the Authoring API.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `root_path` (String) Root path to filter sites by. If specified, only sites with root paths starting with this value will be returned (supports prefix matching).
- `search_name` (String) Name of a specific site to search for. If specified, only the site with this exact name will be returned.
- `site_names` (Set of String) Set of site names for filtering. If specified, only sites with these names will be returned.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Placeholder identifier attribute.
- `sites` (Attributes List) List of sites. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sites))

<a id="nestedatt--sites"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sites`

Read-Only:

- `browser_title` (String) The browser title of the site.
- `cache_html` (Boolean) Whether HTML caching is enabled for the site.
- `cache_media` (Boolean) Whether media caching is enabled for the site.
- `content_language` (String) The content language of the site.
- `domain` (String) The domain of the site.
- `enable_preview` (Boolean) Whether preview is enabled for the site.
- `host_name` (String) The host name of the site.
- `language` (String) The language of the site.
- `name` (String) The name of the site.
- `root_item_id` (String) The root item ID of the site.
- `root_path` (String) The root path of the site.
- `start_item_id` (String) The start item ID of the site.
- `start_item_path` (String) The start item path of the site.
- `start_path` (String) The start path of the site.
- `target_host_name` (String) The target host name of the site.
